clp-bench: Refactor and Add New Results (#5)
y-scope/clp-bench: docs/adding-results.md

Reviewer: On second though, this file should probably be called `adding-a-tool.md`

> # Contributing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add a tool
```

🚧 This section is under construction.

> We encourage contributions that add benchmark results for various tools to support broader community
> development.
> 
> ## Adding new results
> 
> To benchmark a new system, duplicate either [unstructured assets template] or 
> [dynamically-structured assets template] and make necessary changes. Here is an overview of the 
> content of the templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To benchmark a new tool, duplicate either [unstructured assets template] or
[dynamically-structured assets template] and make any necessary changes. The files in the templates
are as follows:
```

> - **`config.yaml`**: Contains essential benchmarking configurations. For details, please refer 
>   to the comments in the `config.yaml` under either [unstructured assets template] or 
>   [dynamically-structured assets template]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`config.yaml`**: Contains essential benchmarking configurations.
```

> - **`docker-build.sh`**: Builds the container as per the `Dockerfile` in the same directory.
>   Usually, only the `container_name` variable should be adjusted to match the `container_id` in
>   `config.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`docker-build.sh`**: Builds the container as per the `Dockerfile` in the same directory.
```

> - **`docker-run.sh`**: Runs the container, taking the dataset path as an argument. Typically, only
>   the `container_name` variable needs alignment with `container_id` in `config.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`docker-run.sh`**: Runs the container, taking the dataset path as an argument.
```

> - **`Dockerfile`**: Used for building the container, ensuring installation of the required tool and
>   dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`Dockerfile`**: Used for building the container, ensuring installation of the tool to benchmark
  and dependencies.
```

- **`launch.sh`**: Initializes and starts the tool (e.g., if it functions as a server or
  service).

- **`reset.sh`**: Prepares a clean environment by removing previous data (e.g., dropping
  tables); runs after `launch.sh` in `ingest` mode.

- **`measure-decompressed-size.sh`**: Measures the raw dataset size before ingestion.
  Typically unchanged, it takes `datasets_path` from `config.yaml` and uses `du -bc` for size
  calculation in bytes.

> - **`ingest.sh`**: Handles data ingestion, with clp-bench measuring the total latency of this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`ingest.sh`**: Handles data ingestion, with `clp-bench` measuring the total latency of this
```

  script. Avoid adding extra operations.

- **`measure-compressed-size.sh`**: Measures the compressed data size post-ingestion, usually
  via tool-specific methods.

- **`search.sh`**: Executes queries specified in `config.yaml`. clp-bench supports two
  benchmarking modes:

  - **Hot-run mode**: Runs queries for `hot_run_warm_up_times` to warm up the cache, then measures
    latency.
  - **Cold-run mode**: Clears the cache with `clear-cache.sh` before measuring latency.

- **`clear-cache.sh`**: Clears the tool's cache, essential for cold runs.

- **`methodology.md`**: Describes specific benchmarking set up details, including tuning and dataset
  preprocessing.

- **`results.json`**: Contains benchmarking results, which are loaded and displayed in the UI:

>   - **`target`**: The ID used by the frontend, should be lowercase. IDs of the same type must be

Reviewer: What does "same type" mean in this context?

Author: meanning the "type" field as introduced below. I have added this in the latest code

    unique.
  - **`targetDisplayedName`**: The name to display in the column on the webpage.
  - **`displayedOrder`**: Defines the display order of results; a smaller value places the column

>     further to the right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    further to the left.
```

Unless I'm mistaken?

Author: you are right lol

  - **`isEnable`**: Indicates if the results should be displayed (default is `true`). If set to
    `false`, results won't appear on the webpage.

>   - **`type`**: Specifies data type (1 for Unstructured, 2 for Dynamically-structured).

Reviewer: For both this and metric, can we use strings instead of magic numbers? The former is much easier to find and replace if we ever change them. We don't have to do it in this PR though, but if not, we should open a GH issue to do it soon.

Author: Right, we might not do this in this PR because it needs some frontend and backend code adaption. Will open a new issue soon

  - **`ingestTime`**: Total end-to-end time taken to ingest all dataset data.
  - **`compressedSize`**: The size of compressed archives.
  - **`avgIngestMem`**: The average memory used during ingestion.
  - **`metrics`**: An array of query benchmarking results for each metric:

    - **`metric`**: Specifies the type (1 for Hot run, 2 for Cold run).
    - **`avgQueryMem`**: The average memory usage during query benchmarking.
    - **`queryTimes`**: An array of end-to-end query latencies, ordered to match the sequence of

>       queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      queries.

```

- **binary (optional)**: If the benchmarked tool is run via binary, then you should put a 

>   `replace-with-your-tool-binary` file in the assets. 

Reviewer: I feel like this file is kind of confusing. If the user sets up launch correctly, I feel like this would be obvious to them, right?

Author: Right, but here I think it might be better if it can keep consistent with `assets/unstructured/glt` or `assets/dynamically-structured/clp-s`, where the `launch.sh` scripts will use the binaries under the same directory. So the point of this file is that I don't want user to mistakenly upload the entire binary to the repo so I add this file.

Yea, if you think this is redudant I can get rid of it.

Reviewer: I think since we control the repo, we should be able to stop folks from uploading the binary to the repo. The methodology for clp-s and glt, both indicate that the binary should be downloaded or compiled; so similarly, I think a new user would write a similar methodology for their own tool.
